I guys have one has been a sibling some
professor layton and the miracle mask as
you can see this is a quick update video
just to kind of make you guys aware of
what's going on at the moment because
presentation actually supposed to come
with some daily puzzles and I am trying
to get those up for the channel
unfortunately the moment the daily
puzzles in late and five are not working
I've been making this video basically
just kind of some everything that's
known about the issue and just make
people aware of it they you know once
aware of it basically what we have here
is the daily puzzle download section of
the game and if we actually click the
download button which is close to do
then he gets a bit halfway and then it
kinda just errors out on you and then
fails now the kind of interesting thing
about this is the actual error message
itself says could not access the extra
day to hold down the power button turn
off the power and reassert the SD card
I've done this a few thousand times it
doesn't it doesn't help but the
interesting thing about this is that i
have the game on thursday the twenty
fifth now the daily puzzles both start
on the twenty-sixth but i have the game
of the 25th and I tried it then and it
actually specifically mentioned not
being able to connect to the server so
this is actually a different error
message which means that the server is
now in fact up which means it's going to
be a problem with the actual game rather
than the server being down or anything
so the daily puzzles are available it's
just that no one can download them is my
analysis of the situation really so
that's based on what's going on I know
that people have been getting in touch
with level 5 and i know that level 5
have responded and said that people need
to contact Nintendo I know the people
contents in Nintendo and they've not
replied yet so that is pretty much a
situation at the moment this has been
going on like I say since the game came
out initially people thought that maybe
it was become tied to the American
release maybe it starts working on
Sunday but as you can see that's not
happened so pretty much this video sums
up everything we know about the issue so
far and now that the games out in
America I just felt that
I owed it to you guys to really just put
this video out there and just kind of
tell you guys yeah it's an issue but
don't worry about it because everybody
else is having this issue as well I've
not heard of any one successfully being
able to download the daily puzzles so
that is pretty much it I am still aiming
to get these daily puzzles uploaded I'm
hoping you can like download old daily
puzzles otherwise that would be kind of
sucking because to me know we basically
wouldn't be able to get the first three
puzzles or whatever or however long it
takes to sort itself out but yeah just
generally the fact that's the error
message specific measures the SD card
rather the server kind of worries me a
little bit but we will wait to see what
Nintendo says about that if you want
more updates on the situation check out
my Twitter do we do ever do it up
twitter com such mendez we're pretty
much if anything is known i will post
about it straight away yeah so yeah
that's that i see you tomorrow for more
gaming videos and see you whenever this
is working for the daily puzzles i don't
really know how long it's gonna take I
don't think anyone does at the moment so
ya see you next time folks
skills crucial horse riding is what you
look on the first day of archaeology
calls right come on me
a little donkey hey everyone let's terra
Luke class great no that came out wrong
I came out wrong
you